gh-pr-merge: add page (#5731)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-pr-merge.md

# gh pr merge

> > Merge a pull request on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Merge GitHub pull requests.
```

> More information: <https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_pr_merge>.

> - Merge the pull request associated with the current branch, using the default merge strategy:

Author: ```suggestion
- Merge the pull request associated with the current branch interactively:
```

`gh pr merge`

> - Merge a specific pull request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merge the specified pull request using the default merge strategy:
```

Author: I make a mistake here, why `the specified`? we use `a specific` :thinking: 
```suggestion
- Merge a specific pull request interactively:
```

Reviewer: @navarroaxel we do seem to use `a specific` more than `the specified` (507 files vs. 149 files), but in this case, the specific sounds better to me.  I'd prefer that we use it.

Author: so, I leave it as-is? what about your another comment?

Author: @bl-ue so, I leave it as-is? what about your another comment?

Reviewer: So is "using the default merge strategy" not correct?  Do you specify the merge strategy interactively?

Author: Yeah the merge strategy, the body message and the branch deletion (if possible) it's interactively

Author: @bl-ue Yeah, the merge strategy, the body message and the branch deletion (if possible) it's interactively

Reviewer: Then how about:
```suggestion
- Merge the specified pull request interactively:
```

Author: @bl-ue applied in af7bcab82a2cea89b571a14c6bc52323248ec996

`gh pr merge {{pr_number}}`

- Merge the pull request, removing the branch on both the local and the remote:

`gh pr merge --delete-branch`

> - Squash the commits into one commit and merge it, using the default body message:
> 
> `gh pr merge --squash`
> 
> - Squash the commits into one commit and merge it, using an empty body message:
> 
> `gh pr merge --squash --body=""`
> 
> - Rebase the commits onto the base branch:
> 
> `gh pr merge --rebase`
> 
> - Merge the pull request onto the base branch using a merge commit:
> 
> `gh pr merge --merge`

Reviewer: I think it might be better to condense the merge strategy examples into one but keep the squash body example:
```suggestion
- Merge the current pull request with the specified merge strategy:

`gh pr merge --{{merge|squash|rebase}}`

- Squash the current pull request into one commit with the message body and merge:

`gh pr merge --squash --body="{{commit_message_body}}"`
```

Author: @bl-ue I tried to show that the default body can be cleaned up. :thinking:
